
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:
Computer IP address:
CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q0, Spring 2019   (c) DL, UTA, 2019


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     4 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")

Show and submit code:

 5. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your name and 
    student ID in large font at the top of every web page dispayed (for this quiz)
    The cloud service provider is IBM Cloud (BlueMix).

 6. Upload all data files to cloud service, then show total sizes (on cloud) on your screen.

 7. Create two "folders" (subdirectories, buckets, or similar) one labeled "orig" for original files 
    and one labeled "copies" for copies. Allow a user, through a web interface, to select a original file and
    copy to the copies folder. Then list all files in both folders.

 8. Allow user to select a name and show the corresponding picture (or show "no picture available").

 9. Allow a user to give a grade range and show names and photos of all matching.

 10. Allow a user to select a user name and then change keywords.

 11. Show GTA parts 6, 7, 8, 9, 10

 12. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

